Expand-app-developers-pages (#777)
buildpacks/docs: content/docs/for-app-developers/how-to/build-outputs/understand-failures.md

summary="How to troubleshoot when things go wrong."
+++

> While `Buildpacks` help developers transform applications' source code into container images that can run on any cloud, creating an error-free experience remains far from achieved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `Buildpacks` help developers transform source code into container images that can run on any cloud, creating an error-free experience remains far from achieved.
```

> This guide explores some of the most common issues that may prevent image build completion and provides troubleshooting tips to help end-users navigate these issues.

Reviewer 2: Let's drop this bit and leave it as a stub.  I think we need to trawl back though the issues on https://github.com/buildpacks/pack to figure out the FAQs.

Author: @natalieparellano still waiting on this

Reviewer: Please see https://github.com/buildpacks/docs/pull/777#discussion_r1841099965 - includes an example and a template for us or others in the community to add more.

If you don't like it though, I'm fine with changing this page back into a stub.

> This guide explores some of the most common issues that may prevent image build completion and provides troubleshooting tips to help end-users navigate these issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide catalogs some commonly reported issues that may prevent image build completion and provides troubleshooting tips to help end-users navigate these issues.

If you would like to report an issue, please open a PR against this page using the included template.
```

Reviewer: I'll add a suggestion for the template :)

Reviewer: @AidanDelaney WDYT of the above as a place to get started?

Reviewer 2: Perfect! Better than what I was suggesting
